README.md, before:

# 🌐 Python Flask App Deployed on AWS Elastic Beanstalk

This project is a simple **Python Flask web application** deployed on **AWS Elastic Beanstalk**. It demonstrates how to launch and manage scalable web applications with automatic provisioning, monitoring, and load balancing.

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

🌍 [Click here to visit the deployed app](https://your-elasticbeanstalk-env-url.amazonaws.com)

> Replace the link with your actual Elastic Beanstalk environment URL.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

flask-app/
├── application.py # Main Flask application
├── requirements.txt # Python dependencies
├── .ebextensions/
│ └── python.config # AWS EB-specific configuration
└── .elasticbeanstalk/ # Auto-generated by EB CLI

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- Python 3.x
- Flask
- AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- EC2 (behind the scenes)
- EB CLI
- Git & GitHub

---

## 🧪 Run Locally

Clone the project:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tayyab-cloud/Python-Flask-app-deployed-on-AWS-Elastic-Beanstalk.git
cd Python-Flask-app-deployed-on-AWS-Elastic-Beanstalk

Commit message:

Updated README.md with live demo status

README.md, after:

# 🌐 Python Flask App Deployed on AWS Elastic Beanstalk

This project is a simple **Python Flask web application** deployed on **AWS Elastic Beanstalk**. It demonstrates how to launch and manage scalable web applications with automatic provisioning, monitoring, and load balancing.

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

❌ **This app was previously deployed on AWS Elastic Beanstalk.**
The environment has been terminated to avoid extra costs under the AWS Free Tier.

> You can re-deploy it any time using the `eb create` command.


---

## 📁 Project Structure

flask-app/
├── application.py # Main Flask application
├── requirements.txt # Python dependencies
├── .ebextensions/
│ └── python.config # AWS EB-specific configuration
└── .elasticbeanstalk/ # Auto-generated by EB CLI

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- Python 3.x
- Flask
- AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- EC2 (behind the scenes)
- EB CLI
- Git & GitHub

---

## 🧪 Run Locally

Clone the project:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tayyab-cloud/Python-Flask-app-deployed-on-AWS-Elastic-Beanstalk.git
cd Python-Flask-app-deployed-on-AWS-Elastic-Beanstalk
